Set citus.local_hostname (#2903)
zalando/patroni: docs/citus.rst

2. If ``max_prepared_transactions`` isn't explicitly set in the global
   :ref:`dynamic configuration <dynamic_configuration>` Patroni will
   automatically set it to ``2*max_connections``.

> 3. Will adjust ``citus.local_hostname`` GUC value from ``localhost`` to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  The ``citus.local_hostname`` GUC value will be adjusted from ``localhost`` to the
```
